# Getting Started with Create React App

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm i `

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in your browser.

The page will reload when you make changes.\
You may also see any lint errors in the console.

## conncect backends

https://git.mediasia-group.com/mediasia-interactive/asteroids-backend

open the backend links,download the project,and then install MongoDB.

### `npm i `

### `node server`

http://localhost:3001 is backend address,and the frontend project contact with this address.

## Summary

Due to temporary work on weekends, the entire development time is relatively limited. In a limited time, you can only choose the work within your ability to complete first.

The overall project is a system that simulates mining by miners.

## basic

The project is developed using react hooks. During this period, the syntax of hooks is also occasionally forgotten, so the basic page is also compiled while checking.

Since the off-the-shelf framework and the less precompiler are not allowed, the development progress has been delayed a little, and the main time is spent on the construction of the basic components

The src folder is the main entry point for the entire project. Inside there are api folder, assets folder, utils folder and pages. Each page corresponds to js, css files

api.js is responsible for all interface links and parameters, so that when the interface url in a certain page needs to be adjusted, it can be found directly in this file. If you call it, you can directly introduce the corresponding interface into the page.

assets is a static folder, all images and fonts

There are components in utils, but currently only axios is used to call the interface.

There is style initialization in index.css to ensure that the effect of opening in multiple kernel browsers is the same

### Done

Main screens

The basic page display has been completed. It includes the switching of the three tab bars at the top, three list pages and a modal box for adding planets. The page is centered at 1440px, and other details basically restore the design draft.

The data of the three list pages is generated by the interface, and the corresponding interface is generated only when the component is rendered for the first time.

### issues

There is a mask layer at the bottom of the modal box, but the top display area also has transparency, which cannot be removed temporarily

The corresponding data has been added to the add miner interface, but the interface returns 500, saying that the required items are not filled, so the add interface cannot be called

Due to the lack of interface documentation, the detailed interface data return is not clear. Therefore, the corresponding details module is temporarily put on hold.

miners?planetId=636713caa9e88ca4ae56d5a2 Should return miner details data on the corresponding planet. But what is actually returned is the data of the miners on each planet
miners/636713caa9e88ca4ae56d5c0 miners/636713caa9e88ca4ae56d5c0 should be the miner's history, but it returns basic details

### Undone

Bonus screens
I haven't been exposed to websocket before, but I know the general connection steps. However, after choosing to connect to wb://localhost:3001, it still fails, so the subsequent functions cannot be completed on time due to limited personal ability.

The display on the right can only be guessed, presumably the websocket will return real-time data. It contains the x and y values of miners, stars, and asteroids
Real-time adjustment, real-time display
